And there you are.
I'm always by your side.
Why did you lie to me?
If you want to lie to everyone, hurry up and go home with me. I didn't lie to you.
I came to say goodbye to you on purpose.
What nonsense are you talking about?
Do you know how worried people are about you?
Stop making trouble
What about you?
What Hanchuan?
You will also worry about me
Would you care about me?
It doesn't matter what nonsense you're talking about
I just want to say sorry to you.
What did you say sorry
Finally, I didn't have time to sign the divorce agreement
Failed to set you free
I didn't know the person you like is your sister.
You shouldn't swear
I won't forget you
But it doesn't matter now.
Now you're free.
I don't need you to set me free like this.
Even if you want a divorce, you regret it
Jiang Cheng signed the divorce agreement
Goodbye Chen Haichuan
Xu Zhiyi